Readme.md, before:

# Logic Synthesis Paper

## Background

+ NPNClassify: [Classifying n-Input Boolean Functions](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Classifying-n-Input-Boolean-Functions-Correia-Reis/208bf8e05ef5ed55069f8ddb1eacedd2375b64eb)
+ MIG: [Majority-Inverter Graph: A New Paradigm for Logic Optimization](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2015.2488484)
+ XMG: [A novel basis for logic rewriting](https://doi.org/10.1109/ASPDAC.2017.7858312)
+ [The EPFL Combinational Benchmark Suite](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/The-EPFL-Combinational-Benchmark-Suite-Amar%C3%B9-Gaillardon/ec262517821c6c8751ee28579c334ff6ee8b1e21)
+ [The Next 25 Years in EDA: A Cloudy Future?](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6783760)

## Traditional LS

+ [AIG rewriting using 5-input cuts](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCD.2011.6081434)
+ [DAG-aware AIG rewriting a fresh look at combinational logic synthesis](https://doi.org/10.1145/1146909.1147048)
+ [DAG-aware circuit compression for formal verification](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCAD.2004.1382541)
+ [Delay optimization using SOP balancing](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCAD.2011.6105357)
+ [Lazy man's logic synthesis](https://doi.org/10.1145/2429384.2429513)
+ [MIS: A Multiple-Level Logic Optimization System](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.1987.1270347)
+ Logic Rewriting on MIG: [Optimizing Majority-Inverter Graphs with functional hashing](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7459461/)
+ [SAT-Based Exact Synthesis: Encodings, Topology Families, and Parallelism | IEEE Journals & Magazine | IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8634910)
+ *Scalable Logic Synthesis using a Simple Circuit Structure*

## Parallel LS

+ [A Recursion and Lock Free GPU-Based Logic Rewriting Framework Exploiting Both Intranode and Internode Parallelism](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10057428/references#references)
+ [EffiSyn: Efficient Logic Synthesis with Dynamic Scoring and Pruning](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10323902/keywords#keywords)
+ [GAMER: GPU-Accelerated Maze Routing](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2022.3184281)
+ [NovelRewrite: node-level parallel AIG rewriting](https://doi.org/10.1145/3489517.3530462)
+ [Rethinking AIG Resynthesis in Parallel](https://doi.org/10.1109/DAC56929.2023.10247961)
+ [TACUE: A Timing-Aware Cuts Enumeration Algorithm for Parallel Synthesis](https://doi.org/10.1145/2593069.2593227)
+ [The Tao of Parallelism in Algorithms](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1993316.1993501)
+ [Unlocking fine-grain parallelism for AIG rewriting](https://doi.org/10.1145/3240765.3240861)

## AI4EDA

+ [Classifying Three-input Boolean Functions by Neural Networks](https://doi.org/10.1109/SNPD.2019.8935697)
+ [DREAMPlace 4.0: Timing-Driven Placement With Momentum-Based Net Weighting and Lagrangian-Based Refinement](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2023.3240132)
+ [Accurate Wirelength Prediction for Placement-Aware Synthesis through Machine Learning | IEEE Conference Publication | IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8715016)
+ [Deep Learning for Logic Optimization Algorithms](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8351885)
+ [Developing Synthesis Flows Without Human Knowledge](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8465913)
+ [Digital Compatible Synthesis, Placement and Implementation of Mixed-Signal Time-Domain Computing | IEEE Conference Publication | IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8806926)

## CEC

+ [Robust Boolean reasoning for equivalence checking and functional property verification](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2002.804386)

## Mapping

+ [A Parallelized Iterative Improvement Approach to Area Optimization for LUT-Based Technology Mapping](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3021735)
+ [Reducing Structural Bias in Technology Mapping](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2006.882484)

Commit message:

update Heterogeneous platform paper list

Readme.md, after:

# Logic Synthesis Paper

## Background

+ NPNClassify: [Classifying n-Input Boolean Functions](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Classifying-n-Input-Boolean-Functions-Correia-Reis/208bf8e05ef5ed55069f8ddb1eacedd2375b64eb)
+ MIG: [Majority-Inverter Graph: A New Paradigm for Logic Optimization](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2015.2488484)
+ XMG: [A novel basis for logic rewriting](https://doi.org/10.1109/ASPDAC.2017.7858312)
+ [The EPFL Combinational Benchmark Suite](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/The-EPFL-Combinational-Benchmark-Suite-Amar%C3%B9-Gaillardon/ec262517821c6c8751ee28579c334ff6ee8b1e21)
+ [The Next 25 Years in EDA: A Cloudy Future?](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6783760)

## Traditional LS

+ [AIG rewriting using 5-input cuts](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCD.2011.6081434)
+ [DAG-aware AIG rewriting a fresh look at combinational logic synthesis](https://doi.org/10.1145/1146909.1147048)
+ [DAG-aware circuit compression for formal verification](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCAD.2004.1382541)
+ [Delay optimization using SOP balancing](https://doi.org/10.1109/ICCAD.2011.6105357)
+ [Lazy man's logic synthesis](https://doi.org/10.1145/2429384.2429513)
+ [MIS: A Multiple-Level Logic Optimization System](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.1987.1270347)
+ Logic Rewriting on MIG: [Optimizing Majority-Inverter Graphs with functional hashing](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7459461/)
+ [SAT-Based Exact Synthesis: Encodings, Topology Families, and Parallelism | IEEE Journals & Magazine | IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8634910)
+ *Scalable Logic Synthesis using a Simple Circuit Structure*

## Parallel LS

+ [A Recursion and Lock Free GPU-Based Logic Rewriting Framework Exploiting Both Intranode and Internode Parallelism](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10057428/references#references)
+ [EffiSyn: Efficient Logic Synthesis with Dynamic Scoring and Pruning](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10323902/keywords#keywords)
+ [GAMER: GPU-Accelerated Maze Routing](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2022.3184281)
+ [NovelRewrite: node-level parallel AIG rewriting](https://doi.org/10.1145/3489517.3530462)
+ [Rethinking AIG Resynthesis in Parallel](https://doi.org/10.1109/DAC56929.2023.10247961)
+ [TACUE: A Timing-Aware Cuts Enumeration Algorithm for Parallel Synthesis](https://doi.org/10.1145/2593069.2593227)
+ [The Tao of Parallelism in Algorithms](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1993316.1993501)
+ [Unlocking fine-grain parallelism for AIG rewriting](https://doi.org/10.1145/3240765.3240861)

## AI4EDA

+ [Classifying Three-input Boolean Functions by Neural Networks](https://doi.org/10.1109/SNPD.2019.8935697)
+ [DREAMPlace 4.0: Timing-Driven Placement With Momentum-Based Net Weighting and Lagrangian-Based Refinement](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2023.3240132)
+ [Accurate Wirelength Prediction for Placement-Aware Synthesis through Machine Learning | IEEE Conference Publication | IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8715016)
+ [Deep Learning for Logic Optimization Algorithms](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8351885)
+ [Developing Synthesis Flows Without Human Knowledge](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8465913)
+ [Digital Compatible Synthesis, Placement and Implementation of Mixed-Signal Time-Domain Computing | IEEE Conference Publication | IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8806926)

## GPU-CPU platform
+ [CPU–GPU Heterogeneous Computation Offloading and Resource Allocation Scheme for Industrial Internet of Things](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10319405/)
+ [Invited Paper: Heterogeneous Acceleration for Design Rule Checking](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10323957)
+ CUDA GPU BFS [Scalable GPU Graph Traversal](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/2370036.2145832)

## CEC

+ [Robust Boolean reasoning for equivalence checking and functional property verification](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2002.804386)

## Mapping

+ [A Parallelized Iterative Improvement Approach to Area Optimization for LUT-Based Technology Mapping](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3021735)
+ [Reducing Structural Bias in Technology Mapping](https://doi.org/10.1109/TCAD.2006.882484)
